I want to show you something that I
think is pretty remarkable Joseph
gordon-levitt the actor this kid I knew
he was talented when he was the little
boy on 3rd Rock from the Sun but this is
really something on Sunday for our
annual after the Oscars special we took
some famous YouTube videos and we made
big budget Hollywood films out of them
we wrote scripts we shot videos for
keyboard cat and charlie bit my finger
Joseph played David after Dennis do you
know that video now most actors would
have shown up they buzzed through the
lines and they'd be done with it but
Joseph who's a very busy guy by the way
went to the trouble of memorizing the
entire video of David after dentist for
no reason he just he memorized it this
what you're about to see was shot
without any cue cards he wasn't watching
along with the video to get the timing
right he did this totally free style and
somehow he managed to duplicate the
video of the kid coming home from the
dentist perfectly again we never tended
to air this is not part of the script
but it's so good I wanted to show it to
you anyway how did it go two fingers
good four finger four fingers no I don't
put that in don't put it in your mouth I
can't see anything
yes you can stay in your seat I don't
feel tired you don't know dr stitches
uh-huh
dad don't get to get on my teeth yeah
don't touch it don't why can I touch it
because it'll mess up the stitches
you're 4i what's happening to me it's
okay but it's just from the medicine
okay no it won't be forever
that is amazing they say the most
impressive part he actually knocked out
three of his team